1. on adding any oroduct or category or anythong, the page navigates to that particular php file instead of staying on index.php
    solution: fixed by keeping only div and php in files and putting form action as empty.

2. added customer is not available in orders table in order to be allowed to order products.
    solution: check ID in cust table. if validated then use the ID to show/order orders in orders table.

3. put not null on required fields.
    solution: have put required on form fields.

4. on taking cutomer ID from cutomer php, url is taking only custID var, thus removing control from orders page.
    solution: made an else case in index.php to show orders oage if custId is present in url.

5. check on all the logics/validations.
    ->product price must be greater than 0. <= done
    ->same name product cant be added. <= done


6. add logic for generating sub_ordid in orders, else when ordering seocnd time for the same session, it is showing duplicate error key.
    solution: added the logic to generate the id whenver the enter pid form is called.
    
7. show the reciept pages {search all orders ->custID, orderID(orderId-sub_ordid), qty, total} and sum at the end.
    solution: done
    
8. order history for a particular ID. search by order ID and display all the products ascoiated with that ID.
    solution: added the table using the fetch query with join.

9. add a table to the right showing products while adding the product in orders.
    solution: got the query and positioned the table at the top as relative.

10. add warning if category not selcted while registering a product.
    solution: added the else condition in product.php

11. extra space in search orders table in order.php
    solution: in the sql query, added the where clause to fetch only matching id rows.  

12. while clicking the show reciept button, url is getting resubmitted hence dupicate key error.
    solution: removed the button, showing the table directly

13. after placing an order, if i search for a orderID, it is resubmitting the URL, resulting in duplicate key.